Mordecai and Rigby: OOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHH!!! (Benson walks in, carrying mail)

Benson: Bill......bill......(finds a coupon) oohh, Bedtopia coupon! (he waves it around) Papa needs a new comforter! (winks and makes a clicking noise) You guys got a couple things too (hands Mordecai and Rigby two green envelopes)

Rigby: Man Benson, do that with a little less drama next time. (looks at envelope and passes one to Mordecai)

Mordecai: (takes envelope) Yeah, why can't you be more like the mail guys on T.V.?

Benson: Because....(facepalms) *sigh* (nods) I don't know (walks away)

Mordecai: Woah dude, check it out. (shows front of envelope) A square eeennveloooooppppee!

Eileen: (looks at Rigby's) Hand-caligraphed addresses?! (waves hand by face) Wooooh, things just got fancy in here!

Mordecai: (reading the invitation) Traffic's at a standstill due to a massive back up at the Smith residence.

Rigby: (continues reading the invitation) Some minor congestion is expected at the intersection of cake, fancy sodas, and a good time, as we celebrate the 1000th flight of Chopper 6.

Mordecai: (continues) We're not seeing any delays of an RSVP for you and one guest. (They both look confused, not knowing what its saying)

Rigby: (after a couple seconds) ....OH! It's a party, for Margaret's dad's 1000th ride on Chopper 6!

Eileen: And CJ and I can go too, right guys?! (Mordecai and CJ look worried)

Mordecai: Uuuuuuh......(Mordecai looks at CJ, looking nervous)

CJ: Oh! *clears throat* I promised some friends I'd volunteer at this river clean up thing that day.

Mordecai: Oh, well.......(everyone is silent for a moment)

CJ: (seeming a little frantic)......Just go without me! It sounds like it'll be really fun.

Rigby: OH *sighs in relief* 'Cause if you were there, and Margaret was there....(shudders in disgust) (fastly) Probably a lot less awkward this way-(gets punched by Mordecai) OW! DUDE! I'M NOT SAYING ANYTHING WE DON'T ALREADY KNOW!

CJ: Rigby's right, go, have fun (smiles).

Mordecai: (kind of in disbelief) Really?

CJ: I trust you.

Mordecai: (hugs her, extremely happy) AAAAAAAWWWHH! (pulls away a bit) I'll bring you a piece a' cake from the party for being the coolest girlfriend ever (they kiss)

(Scene cuts to Margaret's parent's house. They party is taking place in the backyard. Darrell and Robby, two of Margaret's cousins, are shown playing with two remote control helicopter toys. They make them collide into one another and they crash on the ground.)

Robby: (shooting and crashing noises while the helicopters crash) Chopper 6 down, Chopper 6 down!

Darrell: Hehehehehe (Then Denise walks by, holding a tray of drinks)

Denise: (scolding) That's not funny kids! (Mordecai, Rigby, and Eileen then walk in through the back gate)

Mordecai: Hi!

Denise: Oh hey guys! Glad you could make it. Ugh, can you believe it?! Margaret's still at work! She might not even make it at all!

Mordecai: (gets happy and smiles) Oooohh, bummer.

Denise: (sternly) You're smiling.